Fix two deficiencies in the CPU frequency scaling subsystem (#98459)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/services/cpu_freq/index.rst

This can be overridden by the SoC by enabling the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CPU_FREQ_PER_CPU_SCALING`
configuration option to allow each CPU to be clocked independently.

The SoC supporting CPU Frequency Scaling must uphold Zephyr's requirement that the system timer remains

> constant over the lifetime of the program. See :ref:`Kernel Timing <kernel_timing>` for more information.

Reviewer: Quoting the part of the Kernel Timing page which I think this is referring (emphasis mine):
> The **frequency** of [the system timer] counter is required to be steady over time

Proposal:
```suggestion
The SoC supporting CPU Frequency Scaling must uphold Zephyr's requirement that the system timer frequency
remains steady over the lifetime of the program. See :ref:`Kernel Timing <kernel_timing>` for more information.
```
